*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

――Fainting and sleeping, while both are the same disruption of consciousness, how are they different?

Surely, Subaru, who was probably one of the world's leading experts on fainting and loss of consciousness, did not understand how the two were different.

What he could say for sure was that if both fainting and sleeping have the effect of resting the body, then it seemed to him that fainting had only about half the effect of sleeping.

It may have been just a matter of feeling, but that was how he felt.

That was probably because, unlike sleeping, in fainting the feelings of the people around you were too different.

If you had no connection with anyone, and no one was worried about you, maybe there was no difference between fainting and sleeping.

However――,

Subaru: [――Ah.]

His eyelids trembled, and weak sighs escaped from his throat.

With such a frail and helpless gesture, Natsuki Subaru slowly regained consciousness from the darkness, while trying to bring himself back to reality.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru raised his head from the shore of reality he had pulled himself to, and for a moment he forgot to catch his breath.

What came into his view was an unfamiliar ceiling―― how many times had he woken up in an unknown place like this and tried to use his head to find out where he was?

However, what would normally be a solitary task was not so this time.

???: […Oh, you finally woke up, I suppose. Subaru is such a hopeless oversleeper, in fact.]

Subaru: [Beatrice…]

A familiar, lovely face filled Subaru's field of vision as he gazed at the unfamiliar ceiling.

Beatrice, with her drooping eyebrows and pale-colored eyes, was looking at Subaru as he woke up; she was the girl who had probably shared the most waking moments with Subaru.

And when Subaru's gaze fell on Beatrice, he realized that his hand, which seemed to be lying in bed, was being held, and his lips loosened.

Subaru: [By some chance, did you hold my hand the whole time?]

Beatrice: [Of course, isn't it obvious, I suppose. Betty is Subaru's partner, in fact. Besides, Subaru tends to go around here and there on his own, I suppose. If he doesn't like being chained up, then holding hands is the most effective way to keep him in check, in fact.]

Subaru: [As expected, you really understand me well…]

Subaru could only chuckle at Beatrice's pouting face as he could not come up with a retort.

Subaru always found a way to do what needed to be done, even if he was chained up, but it was always heartbreaking to release a hand that had been held.

Subaru was sensitive to pain, so that was the most effective way to keep him from leaving.

Subaru: [Uh, so where are we? What are we doing now…]

Beatrice: [Calm down, Subaru, I suppose. It is understandable that you want to be concerned about a lot of things, but… look around you first before you do that, in fact.]

Subaru: [Around?]

Beatrice put her finger to her lips and teased Subaru, who wanted to know what was going on.

Subaru, who had been feeling restless and impatient, was stopped in his tracks and blinked as he followed Beatrice's advice to look around at things other than the ceiling and Beatrice herself.

And then, he held his breath in amazement.

――Subaru gasped as he realized that there were many people around his bed, sleeping and breathing heavily.

Subaru: [――――]

The room was not spacious at all. With only the one bed that Subaru was sleeping on, it took up half of the room’s space. Yet, there were more than ten people packed tightly into the room.

Moreover, it was an unthinkable assembly.

Subaru: [Tanza and, Garfiel? And, Hiain and the others and Louis and, even Utakata…]

Beatrice: [That’s not all, I suppose. Betty may have won one hand, but the other…]

Being told this, with Subaru not only having his right hand clasped by Betty, he turned towards his left hand and realized it was also being grasped. There they were tightly clutching his hand, sleeping with their upper body stretched out on the bed――, 

Subaru: [――Petra.] 

With a large ribbon fastened on her head, even the little girl’s sleeping face was adorable.

What the hell, how many hardships and rough patches had she overcome in order to hold his hand? He was not familiar with Petra’s traveling clothes which were covered in dirt, filled with the concerns that a little girl had about being stylish.

To be in that condition, it was proof that she had finally managed to arrive here.

Beatrice: [But the hardest thing that Petra had to do, it would have been seizing the chance to hold Subaru’s hand, in fact. It was a struggle for everyone, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Hey, hey, you’re saying everyone wanted to hold my hand while I was sleeping? No matter how you say it, something that stupid is…]

Beatrice: [Do not call it stupid, in fact.]

Subaru almost laughed at this joke, but Beatrice’s quiet voice stopped him.

Subaru’s eyes opened wide as Beatrice raised her tightly clenched hand and pointed it out to him,

Beatrice: [Everyone, we were all really worried about Subaru, I suppose. If holding Subaru’s hand would help you, then we’d do anything, even if it's just that, in fact.]

Subaru: [――――]

Beatrice: [Just a little, Subaru should be more aware of how big his existence is, I suppose. For a long time, that’s what Betty has been telling you over and over again, in fact.]

Quiet, the tone of her voice sounded somewhat dismayed, but Beatrice’s words were filled with far too much compassion.

To say something like that with those eyes and voice, it was impossible for him to disregard it.

Subaru, he was not able to influence the things and people around him, nor did he think that he could be cherished――,

Subaru: […Just because I shrank, everyone’s become too overprotective.]

???: [I don’t know about that. For me, rather than the overprotectiveness of those around him, shouldn’t Natsuki-san first reflect on his shrinkage?]

Subaru: [――!]

Suddenly, Subaru’s shoulders jumped at the voice he heard.

The voice unexpectedly jumped in, coming from the entrance of the narrow room, and examining the expression of the one slid the door open, his soft features were twisted with a bitter smile.

Subaru: [Otto?!]

Otto” [Yes, it’s me but… please be quiet. Please consider Petra-chan’s and Garfiel’s feelings.]

Subaru: [Petra and the others’ feelings…]

Otto: [It is like this, I was waiting for Natsuki-san to wake up, you know? Of course, it was because I wanted to be the first to speak with the awakened Natsuki-san. But, if they found out that I showed up like this and took that privilege, how much would they resent me?]

Subaru: [Ho, you’re such a bad guy.]

Otto: [Even with Natsuki-san shrunken like this, you do not seem to talk any less.]

Putting his finger to his lips and lowering his voice, the young man that had appeared―― Otto looked around the room.

He made a troubled expression, the inside of the chamber was so crowded that there was almost nowhere to step. Otto looked annoyed, but somehow managed to find a foothold and walked over to the bed,

Otto: [Beatrice-chan as well, thank you for taking care of Natsuki-san.]

Beatrice: [There’s nothing to be tired of, I suppose… More importantly, are you going to inform them, in fact?]

Otto: [Of course, I will make sure to let everyone know that Natsuki-san is awake, but…]

As Beatrice looked at him with a reproachful gaze, Otto cut off his words with a bitter smile. As he pretended to have cut off the end of his sentence, looking at Subaru lying on the bed,

Otto: [Since I was witness to Natsuki-san’s inopportune waking, before things become too noisy, I would like to raise a personal complaint with you.]

Subaru: [Y-you’ve got a good personality…]

Otto: [Yes, because I am a merchant.]

Touching his head that was without its hat, Otto laughed while wearing a sarcastic look on his face.

That smile, it gave Subaru the same chills that the gaze of his enemies did, or the same chill he felt when he incurred Tanza’s displeasure; while experiencing this sensation, Subaru took a deep breath.

Admittedly, in the matter of being sent flying to the Vollachian Empire, Subaru believed that he was not as much at fault as he was for the ensuing troubles; however, it was true that he had made people worry.

No matter what kind of complaints he was hit with, he would resign himself to accepting them.

Subaru: [Okay, give me everything you’ve got. But my mentality has also been suitably trained. Don’t think that you can destroy me with half-baked words.]

Otto: [What kind of boast is that? Well, I do not intend on giving you a long lecture. Since I am not the only one who wants to say something to you, I will keep it short. ――Natsuki-san.]

Subaru: [Yes.]

Otto: [――I am glad that you were able to safely reunite with us. Please, do not worry too much.]

Subaru: [――――]

A hand reached out, plopping itself onto Subaru’s small shoulder.

Feeling Otto’s fingers, which were stronger than what the impression his features gave, and upon feeling them tremble slightly on his shoulder, Subaru’s throat choked up.

Firmly, Otto knitted his brows, his nose wrinkling as he let these words out, as his frayed emotions became uncontainable as he had always been one to overlook himself.

Subaru: [Gu…]

His trained mental resolve, and his readiness to accept any blow, all of it was for naught.

Those few words that Otto had let out were a killing blow, mercilessly destroying Natsuki Subaru’s barriers, driving a fatal blow into the bare soul underneath.

Doing that so quickly, it was foul play.

Otto: [In any case, this works best on Natsuki-san, right?]

Subaru: [You, you, bastard… hk.]

In front of Subaru whose whole body was trembling, tightening his expression which had just been on the verge of crumbling, a daring, calm, and malicious smile emerged on Otto’s face.

Having been completely led by the nose, Subaru could not help his face turning red from the sense of defeat. ――No, there were other methods. As payback to Otto for being outwitted, though it was far from being a win, it was at least a way to not let him escape with victory.

That was――,

Subaru: [Aaah! I’ve lost, I’ve lost, it’s a complete loss, Otto you son of a bitch!]

Otto: [Eh!?]

With a red face, Subaru had a wicked smile on his face as he declared his defeat in a loud voice. The second he heard this, Otto shouted out with a pale face.

At that, with Subaru and Otto’s back-and-forth argument echoing within the confines of the room, naturally, one by one his sleeping companions heard them―― No, rather the sleeping lion pack began to wake up.

And like that, with joy and reproach, there was an eruption of feelings of joy and sorrow.

Inside of that noisy room, to the side of Subaru and Otto, who were at their wits’ end in their argument, Beatrice watched it from beginning to end with her chin resting on her hands,

Beatrice: [Good grief… they act far too much like children, I suppose.]

Saying this, with the attitude of a lone bystander, she looked over this scene with affection.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The immediate evacuation of the Imperial citizens from the Imperial Capital Lupugana.

That was the emergency that took place while Subaru was unconscious, and Subaru woke up in the guest room of a Dragon Carriage, a mobile vehicle assigned to dignitaries within the group.

Pulled by many ground dragons, it was a mobile bedroom that could be used for both evacuation and recuperation. With such august treatment, Subaru had apparently been taken away from the Imperial Capital.

Hiain: [Brother! Glad you're safe! I was really, really worried about what would happen if the trunk lost strength when in the middle of this journey!]

Weitz: [I don't care if the bearded bastard dies, but without you, the Battalion is finished… If you're about to die, use me or anyone else as a shield…]

Idra: [Weitz's phrasing is messed up, but I agree. Schwartz, I am so glad you’ve recovered. Both for the sake of the Battalion and for me personally.]

That was the reaction of the group waiting for Subaru's awakening, the three of the Unit from Gladiator Island, Hiain, Weitz, and Idra, who were firmly in it.

Idra, who was with him during the battle, but not Hiain and Weitz, who were traveling separately, must have been very worried.

Apologizing to the three of them would not be enough.

Subaru: [Sorry. Because I fainted, everyone's enhancements came undone…]

Idra: [Don't worry about it… Luckily, that happened when we were also starting to withdraw.]

Hiain: [Yeah! The only one who nearly died from that cutoff was this skull bastard who was supporting a collapsed pillar.]

Weitz: [I told you not to talk about that…!]

As usual, Hiain's unnecessary comments spoiled Weitz's concern for Subaru. Against the background of the quarreling pair, Idra shrugged.

In the midst of the Imperial City, they were released from "Cor Leonis," one who should have been exposed to danger as a result,

Idra: [As Weitz said, don't sweat it, Schwartz. From the moment we decided to follow you, whatever happens beyond that point is our own responsibility.]

Subaru: [But…]

Idra: [And even if I say that, I know it's you who's worried. ――I'll leave the rest of the story to those girls who seem to have known you longer than we have.]

As always, Idra was good at summarizing the story rationally.

Thanks to this, Subaru, who could only argue emotionally, was silenced, and Idra left the room with Hiain and Weitz, who were grappling with each other.

Like that, as the three of them were leaving, a small figure was about to follow them,

Subaru: [Tanza]

Tanza: [...Apologies for not being helpful at that critical time. I am truly glad you have recovered Schwartz-sama.]

Despondently hanging her head, Tanza answered in a stiff tone.

Thinking back to the time they parted in the Imperial Capital, he could understand Tanza's regrets about her own inadequacies. But that didn't seem to be the only reason for her dispirited expression.

Subaru: [What’s wrong? If something happened…]

Tanza: [――. No, it is not something I should talk to Schwartz-sama about now. Please rest your body slowly and spend time with everyone.]

After a moment's hesitation, Tanza also left the room without saying more.

He reached out towards her slender back, but both of Subaru’s hands were held. Still, Subaru's heart appealed to him, not wanting to leave Tanza alone with a face like that.

He made a firm decision that he would definitely have to ask her why she had that look on her face later.

And――,

???: [――Subaru]

After seeing off those who had left the room earlier, what was spun out was the sound of silver bells gently tapping his eardrums, ringing as if she had been waiting for this moment to call out to him.

Subaru: [――――]

A beat, it took time to respond to the voice and turn towards it.

It was not because of the awkwardness of causing her to worry, or the embarrassment of not being able to face her, or some such petty pride.

It was simply that Subaru genuinely needed to mentally prepare himself.

Because――,

Subaru: [Emilia]

Just by calling the other person's name, Subaru's heart experienced a sweet, tingling sensation.

Subaru's nervous call was answered by the woman herself――Emilia smiled softly,

Emilia: [Yeah, it's good to see you again. …Nevertheless, Subaru has made a lot of friends even this far away. I’m reaaally relieved.]

Subaru: [Friend…]

Emilia: [Yes. Because everyone was reaaally worried about Subaru that they never left him.]

At Emilia's words, Subaru lowered his head, remembering the state of the room until a moment ago.

No matter how, Subaru felt that he caused them a lot of worry, a bad habit of his, and he regretted it each time he was told.

Subaru: [I am, a fortunate person.]

Emilia: [That’s definitely true. But I want Subaru to be happier and happier, so this tiny amount is not at all enough.]

Subaru: [After all the good you've done for me?]

Emilia: [Then, when Subaru does something for me, do you ever feel satisfied that it's enough?]

Emilia tilted her head, and while she felt her beautiful silver hair cascade down her slender shoulders, Subaru was at a loss for words as he was completely cornered.

She was right. When he wants to do something for the people he loves, he thinks not if this is enough, but if there is more he can do.

Seeing Subaru's reaction, Emilia smiled and said,

Emilia: [What do you think? I'm not wrong, am I? My knight.]

Subaru: [...Yup.You've grown so much while I've been away, and I'm so proud of you, but I missed you, Emilia!]

Emilia: [Emilia?]

Subaru: [...No, it’s, Emilia-tan]

When asked again, Subaru recalled that long-forgotten way he called her.

Yes, that's what Subaru called the girl who was so important, so precious, so dear, and that he gets his heart all messed up thinking about.

As soon as he called Emilia that word, a feeling of harmony quickly overcame him.

While Subaru was reflecting on that feeling like that...

Petra: [Emilia-neesama! It's about time we had a chat with Subaru!]

Within the tender mood between Subaru and Emilia, after waiting a long time, they are interrupted by Petra, a young girl who asserted her presence by raising her small hand.

Woken up after the earlier commotion, and afterward not able to calmly congratulate the reunion due to the panic that followed, Petra hungered for the reunion while anger burned in her round eyes.

Petra: [We haven't been able to talk to Subaru properly yet.――Except for Otto-san, who ran away.]

Otto: [Ugh. No that, I wasn’t trying to run away.]

Garfiel: [Oh? Oh? Excuses, Ottobro. What kind of excuses is he gonna tell? Aren’t ya a lil’ excited to hear? Even if it were my amazin’ self, running away from here would still hurt.]

Otto: [Even Garfiel is snapping at me!?]

Garfiel dropped his shoulders in disappointment and made a sad gesture. When he stacked on his attack with Petra, Otto opened his eyes wide and shouted.

Then Beatrice followed up with, "That's right, in fact," as if to add insult to injury.

Beatrice: [Betty heard, I suppose. Otto said it himself, that he secretly came to talk to Subaru so that Petra and the others wouldn't find out about it, in fact.]

Emilia: [Huh, really? Otto-kun, I understand how you feel, but we were all worried about Subaru, so you shouldn't cheat.]

Otto: [I have no allies! It is much more heartbreaking than suffering a poor loss!]

Being warned by the betrayer Beatrice and Emilia, who was reacting to it honestly, Otto pressed on his chest and was vigorously punished for his deed.

While laughing at such a lively group of people,

Frederica: [Despite Otto-sama's bad habits, I'm beyond glad we were able to meet, since Emilia-sama, Beatrice-sama, and of course, Petra was not in the least bit happy.]

Said Frederica softly.

She, like Petra, was also dressed in a traveling outfit instead of a maid's uniform, which was a rare sight. However, Subaru was immediately surprised to see something even more rare than that.

The smiling Frederica had a tear well up in the corner of her eye, and it almost ran down her cheek.

Petra: [Fr, Frederica-neesama, your tears!]

Frederica: [Huh? Ah, m, my apologies. I was just, you know, I'm completely relieved...that was indecent.]

Subaru: [...No, it's not indecent or anything at all. That's how worried you were about me.]

Frederica's tears surprised him, and more than that, he was grateful.

As Frederica said, they rushed to find their members who had disappeared, and the amount of trouble they had to overcome to get here was immeasurable.

They were in an empire in a state of civil war, with borders that should not have been easy to cross.

They must have overcome a number of obstacles that could not have been overcome by honest means to reach Subaru.

Subaru: [Really, thank you, everyone.]

Garfiel: [Heh heh, it's only natural that our amazin' selves should be here. Without the general, our amazin selves can't get together in any way, shape or form.]

Petra: [Yeah, Garf-san is right… I am surprised that he became so tiny though.

Garfiel rubbed under his nose, and the smiling and nodding Petra chimed in at the end.

Certainly, this was not going to end with all of them joining up――that was Subaru’s current state.As expected, they did not intend to return to the Kingdom of Lugunica with Subaru in a shrunken state.

Natsuki Subaru would not be able to stand next to Emilia unless he returned to his original age of 18.

Subaru: [Well, Beatrice… ahem! Beako, you don't mind me lining up next to you?]

Beatrice: [Nothing wrong with being at the same eye level, I suppose. But Betty misses Subaru's cuddles already, in fact. That is why big Subaru is preferable, I suppose."

Petra: [Me too! I also think the big Subaru is better. I also think the current Subaru is cute, but…]

Emilia: [Oh, you think he's cute too. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thought so."

Emilia's slightly off-topic response to the conversation caused a relaxed atmosphere to spread throughout the room.

Subaru could feel the nostalgia of the long-separated Emilia camp in the gentle, indescribable atmosphere, and found his soul satisfied.

Sent to the Vollachian Empire, he spent time with the Shudraqian People, Flop, Medium, and later with members from Gladiator Island, all of whom formed the Pleiades Battalion, The atmosphere of being together is different.

All of them were important, but the importance of this place, which had been kept away from him for so long, was something he took the time to feel.

Subaru: [But, as expected, Roswaal or Ram didn’t come. No, it would be pretty bad just to have Emilia-tan alone."

Subaru grinned when he mentioned the faces he did not see in the room.

Meili was also not there, but it would be difficult for her to cross the border to accompany Emilia and the others due to her situation. Perhaps she and Ram were staying at the mansion――.

Emilia: [Huh? No, not at all. Ram and Roswaal are with us. They were Reaaally worried about you, Subaru."

Subaru: [――What?]

Subaru's thoughts are shattered by Emilia's answer with a strange look on her face.

Subaru's thoughts are shattered by Emilia's answer with a curious look on her face.

The presence of Roswaal is a tremendous surprise, but let's leave it at that for now.

However, the problem was not Roswaal,

Subaru: [Ram, is here, too?]

Petra: [She's here. Ram-neesama is also worried about you, Subaru… Ah! Just don't mention it to her, okay?]

Subaru: [I won't say. I won't say it, but that's not what I'm talking about…]

Shaking his head, Subaru's mind gets excited by Petra's words.

Rather, it means that Ram is also here――,

Subaru: [Did she already meet with Rem?]

Emilia: [Ah…]

As soon as Subaru asked the question, everyone's expression but Subaru's became tense.

That reaction was what Subaru feared the most.

Emilia and the others' reaction, which was of the "I forgot to tell Subaru" variety, was that it had happened while Subaru was sleeping.

――The reunion of the separated sisters Ram and Rem.

Subaru: [Waaah–!! I would have loved to have been there!!]

Emilia: [So- Sorry, Subaru, but they wanted to see each other as soon as possible…!

Subaru: [I know, I know, I'm such a damn idiot――!]

Covering his face with his hands, Subaru exclaims at his own stupidity for missing the historic moment.

Emilia and others tried hard to comfort Subaru, but this was no one's fault, and Subaru's wounds remained unhealed.

To put it another way, Subaru slept at that critical moment, and that was the worst.

Even if――,

Subaru: [H- how was it? The two of them's reactions…]

Emilia: [Um, well, they were a little hesitant, …but it felt reaaally special! I cried a little too!]

Subaru: [Ohhhh!]

Beatrice: [Emilia! You have to elaborate more, in fact! Subaru is pitiable, I suppose!]

Emilia: [Huh, right!, I’m sorry, I’m sorry!]

Even so, the frustration did not abate in the slightest, so Subaru regretted it with all his might.

As Subaru shed tears of frustration, he realized once again that it was a terrible thing, especially when he was about to really cry, that this childish body could not hold back the tears.

△▼△▼△▼△

Rem: [――――]

Right in front of her, from behind the door she is about to reach for, she heard a great, loud shout.

The bellowing voice and what it said stopped Rem from moving, and her mind was racked with hesitation, her shapely eyebrows knitting together, wondering what to do.

Louis: [Uu, au?]

Rem: [...Um, I'm sorry, Louis-chan, I know, you want to see him.]

Right beside Rem, Louis, hugging her around the waist, looked up at her curiously.

When the unconscious Subaru woke up, Louis wanted to talk to Subaru herself, but she held back and rushed to Rem's side.

Then, she took her by the hand and led her to Subaru's bedroom――,

Rem: [――――]

The voices coming from inside the room belong to Subaru and his companions.

It may sound like an outsider's matter, but it seems that these friends are also closely related to Rem. ――Like Subaru, Rem didn't really feel a connection with them.

Rem: [They're not bad people at all, I know that.]

The group, led by Emilia, who was the first person Rem met among them, had come in search of both Rem and Subaru, and they were clearly aware that they were companions, full of action, and above all, good people.

According to what she had heard, they came from the Kingdom neighboring the Empire, even though they were forbidden to cross over, and even participated in a civil war with which they had no connection.

All of this was done to save Subaru ――or rather, Subaru and Rem from being caught up in the civil war in the Empire.

In the same way that Rem could also not escape from this struggle for the Empire――,

???: [――You can hear Barusu's ravenous voice.]

Rem gasped slightly when she was suddenly a voice called to her back while she was thinking.

Instead of Rem, it is Louis, who is hugging her around the waist, who turned around to look at the other party. They looked back at Louis, who was looking at her, and let out a small sigh,

???: [Stop glaring at me with such an accusatory look. This was a lesson in tough love for Barusu… No, it's tough because there's no love. Yes, absolutely tough.]

Rem: [...Does that mean you don't like him?]

???: [There's no hate, just a lot of opportunity for disdain.]

With that said Rem also turned to the other party, who was slowly walking toward her, their shoes making a sound.

She took a beat to turn around to look in that direction because she needed to muster up the courage to look at the other person's face directly.

After all, that face was familiar to Rem, even though she had no memory of it.

it was――,

Rem: [...Ram-san.]

Ram: [What a rude way to address Ram, considering she's ready to be called older sister.]

Rem: [For me, everything was so sudden that…]

The woman who stood in front of her, clutching her elbows and puffing out her chest ―― Ram, that is how she called herself, and that is how she is called by those around her, resembles a lot like Rem herself.

The differences are the color of her hair and eyes and the overwhelming pressure of confidence overflowing inside them.

It seems that she is Rem's older sister, who has no memory of her.

To be honest, there is nothing to deny when one compared their facial features. The name of her older sister, which Subaru had told her many times before, must have been "Ram".

Above all else, what undeniably dominates Rem's mind is――,

Ram: [Whatever you think, Rem's heart will feel it, because Ram and Rem are sisters… Synesthesia doesn't lie"

Rem: [Synesthesia…]

Ram: [A sort of connection of the soul between twins. All along, Ram has felt Rem's presence. Is… Rem different?"

Rem: [――――]

Rem's lips closed when Ram asked her a direct question with narrowed, light-crimson eyes.

if asked if Rem is different, then no, not at all.

Rem did not know the details of this Synesthesia, but there was definitely a strong, strong sense of incongruity in her.

Rem: [...but I'm afraid.]

Ram: [Afraid?]

Rem: [To have such feelings about you, with whom I have only exchanged a few words in a short time.]

For Rem, who has lost her memory, Subaru and Louis are the only two people whom were present at the moment when her present self began. For some reason, she pushed Subaru away and kept Louis by her side from the start.

After that, Rem got to know the Shudraqian people, Flop and Medium, Priscilla and Katya, and in Rem's own way, she established various relationships with them.

Even then, Ram's very existence overtook them all at once, and tried to stand at the top.

Rem: [It's what I'm afraid of…]

This inexpressible sense of security are the footsteps of the past approaching.

It was not that she did not wish to regain her lost memories. It seemed as though many of Rem's problems would surely come back to her with the return of them.

But at the same time, she feared that when those footsteps caught up with her, everything would change.

If the way you see, the way you feel, the way you think, everything changes.

Yes, very strongly Rem shut her eyes and clutched her chest.

There――,

Ram: [Yes. ――What a relief.]

Ram: [Huh?]

An unexpected voice was heard, and Rem opened her tightly shut eyelids to look up.

Ram, who was clutching her elbows in front of Rem, stared at her, lowering the corners of her eyes slightly, wondering what she had just said,

Ram: [Ram is thinking the same as Rem. Afraid.]

Rem: [You are also afraid…]

Ram: [What if Rem naturally accepted Synesthesia and jumped into Ram's chest as a given? ――yes, Ram was afraid.]

Rem: [――――]

Keeping her expression soft, but the content of what she said was about fear, Rem was unsure of how Ram was feeling in front of her. ――No, she was not.

She knew what she didn't know, and that is why she is confused.

Louis: [U!]

Suddenly, instead of Rem, whose eyes were swimming with confusion, it was Louis who groaned as she hugged her around the waist.

Louis, glaring at Ram from below, was sensitive to the trembling in Rem's heart and sharpened her gaze as if to scold Ram for causing it.

Meeting Louis' gaze, Ram's eyes narrowed slightly,

Ram: [Trying to stand between Ram and Rem? Of all people, you?]

Louis: [Aa-u!]

Ram: [So, you're not going to back down. This is complicated, but not unpleasant.]

Whatever the connection, Ram said this in a way that seemed to indicate that she knew Louis as well, and then looked into Rem's eyes once again. When their eyes met, she couldn't tear her gaze away from hers.

Her soul is drawn to the intensity of the gaze, even as she experiences the sensation of her being burned by it.

Her anxiety grew stronger and stronger.

Just as equally as strong as her attraction to Ram.

Feeling it strongly, Rem bit her lip hard,

Rem: [You certainly must be my older sister. I can believe that without a doubt. It's just…]

Ram: [Even if your heart is convinced, your mind is not?]

Rem: [...Yes.]

Ram: [Right. Then that's fine for now.]

Rem nodded weakly, and Ram closed the distance with another step.

Rem's shoulders tensed at the sight of her approaching, and Louis stepped forward to protect her. But Rem gently held Louis' shoulder and said, "It's okay," stopping the gentle little girl.

Then, of their own volition, they direct their gaze directly at Ram.

With Rem's gaze on her, Ram uncrossed her arms and held out her hand. The hand that was offered by the person whose heart had already recognized her as her sister.

Ram: [I am Ram, your older sister, born to surely love you.]

Rem: [――――]

Ram: [But there are equally important people in addition to my independent sister.]

Rem's eyes widened at the words spoken with such calm and confidence.

Then, as the meaning of the words began to sink in, a gasp escaped her lips. Rem just gave a little smile and laughed,

Rem: [After all, you are a frightening person. When I talk to you, I feel like I'm completely captivated by this sense of security.]

Ram: [It can't be helped, Ram is the kind of older sister you want to put all your trust and love in.]

Rem: [Yes, Ram-neesan.]

Ram proudly puffed out her chest, graciously grasping Rem's hand, when Rem finally called her that. Upon hearing that, Ram raised her eyebrows slightly.

As for Rem, it was a courageous way to address her, and her reaction was unexpected.

Rem: [Um?]

Ram: [...As much as having Barusu insistence on it is annoying, it certainly doesn't feel right.]

Rem: [Well, then?]

Ram: [――Neesama.]

Rem: [Huh?]

After a moment of reluctance, Rem's eyes widened as Ram continued her statement. In response to Rem's reaction, Ram repeated herself once more, saying the same thing again.

Ram: [Address Ram as neesama. That feels the most comfortable.]

Rem: [...Ram, neesama?]

Ram: [You don’t need the name.]

Rem: [――Neesama.]

Doing as she said, Ram tightly shut her eyes as she drew closer to what she wished to be called. Then, pulling Rem's hand from her grip with a “woah," Rem unexpectedly tripped on her foot, and then Ram gently held her body and embraced her.

Continuing on, Ram put her lips to Rem's ear,

Ram: [Now Ram can clearly feel it. ――Ram is Rem's neesama.]

Rem: [I feel, it too.]

Thus, as soon as she was in her arms, what she had been afraid of poured out of her.

It was what she called a sense of security, an attraction to her soul, a love for Ram. It firmly and gently engulfed even Rem, who should have had no memory.

Ram: [...As much as it pains to say it, but are you ready for this, Rem?]

Rem: [Ready for what?]

Ram: [Prepared to go inside; we need to show Barusu, not to mention Emilia-sama and the others. We need to show off our sisterly love, and that will alleviate some of the worries.]

Rem closed her eyes at Ram's words.

Even now, Rem still does not know how to face Emilia and the others, nor how to deal with Subaru.

But at least there was no doubt whatsoever about the feeling of Ram being her sister and her feelings for her.

Rem: [Yes, Neesama.]

Ram: [Then again, maybe we should put it off until we've been called a hundred times.]

Rem: [Neesama…]

Ram: [It’s a joke.]

Rem nodded, and Ram told a joke that did not sound like a joke.

Such a mischievous attitude of her sister fills Rem's heart with relief, even for a moment, despite her own sense of urgency and the fact that she is in the midst of a situation that is otherwise a matter of the utmost urgency.

Louis: [Uau, Auaau?]

Rem: [Yes, I'm fine, and thank you, Louis-chan, for your concern.]

Louis: [U!]

Louis, who had been standing by Rem's side the whole time, sandwiched between Rem and Ram's dialogue, was relieved of her fears with a smile, and Rem gently stroked the gentle little girl's head.

Then, accompanied by Louis, Rem bravely lined up next to her sister, who partly turned around.

Without stopping, she looked at Ram and nodded, and they both reached for the door in front of them and――,

Rem: [――Parden us. I could hear you making a lot of noise, even outside.]
Ram: [It sounded like Barusu, making a lot of little animal noises.]

And so, the sisters both stepped into the room where their companions were.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Oof… Feels like a huge weight’s been lifted off my shoulders…]

Truly sensing that a huge burden had disappeared, Subaru muttered so to himself.

That huge burden Subaru carried, was the responsibility he had taken upon himself―― to keep Rem with him and protect her, as no one else would, and to make it so Ram, Emilia, and everyone else could meet her.

In honesty, however, upon learning that he had been unable to be present for the reunion of the sisters, Ram and Rem, he had been struck with grief akin to that of the world ending

Subaru: [If only I could’ve presented them side-by-side, like that.]

The behavior of those who had been visiting Subaru’s room together made it believable that it had not gone badly, even though what sort of exchanges the two sisters had had could not be understood.

Once Subaru grasped this, the frustration he had felt just then dispersed, a sense of relief washing over him.

Finally, finally, he had made it possible that Rem and Ram could meet.

He had made it possible that Rem could meet with Emilia, with Beatrice, and with everyone else.

To Subaru, it was not clear enough as to allow him to say just how much of it had been due to his contribution, but it had been done.

And Subaru himself had been able to meet up with Emilia and the gang; congratulations were due.

Subaru: [I'm still a little boy, and Rem’s Memories aren’t back yet…]

However, he could sense that hope was in the air.

As far as the matter of his size went, Subaru could state that a way for it to be resolved in the near future was in sight; and assuredly, he would be able to find a way to restore Rem’s Memories.

So, what came next was――,

Beatrice: […You sure you don’t want Betty with you, in fact?]

Subaru: [No, I’m not that composed at all, but he probably doesn’t want to show his face with you around, Beako, so indulge my selfishness for a tiny bit.]

Beatrice: [If something does happen, call for Betty right away, I suppose. Betty will rush in with a zyoom, in fact.]

Subaru: [I'll be counting on you.]

Until the very end, Beatrice wanted to avoid letting go of Subaru’s hand.

The extremely kindhearted girl gently detached her hand; with Emilia and everyone else having reluctantly exited the room, Subaru was by himself in the room, a room filled with silence.

Once the causes for the room having been so lively up until this point had all, without exception, left the division, instantly Subaru was assaulted by a myriad of misgiving.

The retreat from the Imperial Capital, to what extent had it been undertaken? Had the origin of that horde of zombies been grasped? Was the relationship between the Imperial Army and the rebels improving? For what reason had Emilia and the others touched upon nothing but upbeat topics, intentionally? What was the answer for Tanza’s somber expression?

And finally, the events that had occurred just before Subaru had gone unconscious, how had they concluded?

Subaru: [Even if you don’t answer all of those, can you answer at least half of them?]

???: [――That depends on how much you are willing to step up to the plate.]

In that bedroom bereft of people, Subaru's words, spoken as he raised his upper body from the bed, were answered by a figure that had most likely been waiting for the commotion to pass and the people to leave.

There was the sound of shoes stepping firmly, leisurely, on the floor in a dignified manner, punctuated with a lack of hesitation in making their presence known to those in the environs.

In their deportment, in the keen sparkle of their eyes, none of it deviated from his memory. And yet, there was something definitely different, in some way, in the other person―― a black-haired, handsome man, whose gaze was fixed upon Subaru.

And then――,

???: [How eloquent shall your words be, Natsuki Subaru?  ――O Stargazer of the Dragon Kingdom.]

And thus, his black eyes pregnant with hostility, Vincent Vollachia inquired so of Natsuki Subaru.
